hey guys welcome to my channel we are in
one of my favorite places in the world
this is an outlet close to San Francisco
and we're gonna go and shop around and
ask how to pronounce brand names
correctly so if you're interested police
continue watching this video
[Applause]
back to San Francisco that mine was made
[Music]
okay so they didn't want to take part in
my blog but they told me that the
correct way to pronounce this friend's
name is tommy hilfiger just the way i
pronounce it and you should know that
this brand is actively promoting itself
in social media they gave a lot of
outfits to Lewis Hamilton and a famous
model Gigi Hadid and you can see them
all over Instagram some of my self a
sweatshirt just to be in the trend Tommy
Hilfiger when I was a child I used to
play the game called Crazy Taxi on my PC
and there was this task where you had to
take the girl to the original Levi's
store and that took part in San
Francisco so now remember that it's
levites but some people tell me that
it's actually Levis so we're gonna go in
and try to find out okay Levi's the
u-ace is the right way thank you so much
okay cool thank you
Levi Strauss people keep pushing me out
of the shops I try to ask them I try to
create good content and they like that
life from here but this is one of the
stores again I would say converse I've
never had their shoes and I know they're
really popular so again we're gonna try
and go in and ask them what's the right
way to pronounce converts
[Music]
copper's it's a little weird at converse
yeah that's more of an emphasis on the
CEO of the CEO and in the last part of
it converse
this is by the way my favorite store
they didn't kick me out oh my god love
converse thank you
[Music]
repetition is key when you learn a new
language I've already done a video on
brand names and Nike was there but I
just wanted to remind you guys this is
not like it's Nike and this is the way
they decided to pronounce this brand and
we're gonna go in the shop and ask them
once again maybe there's another version
whatever sure is Nike
[Music]
nice key remember once again
Nike they killed each other for Nike one
of the brands that came from France I
guess because of the name I think it's
close but French people always laugh at
me when I pronounce their words but
again let's go in and check and ask
what's the right way I don't see any
salespeople there
[Music]
Thank You Clarence
so I wasn't right I thought it was
strange and you should say comments but
Clarence okay we're in America maybe
runs things in a different way but
because we're in the States and you want
to be understood in the States and
teaching your American English and not
teaching your like French English is
something so if you want to be local in
the States
say Clarence wake up Clarence I once
babysat a dog and its name was Diesel I
know how to pronounce this brand is
easily super easy very famous I don't
even have to go in because I'm a pro at
this dress looks like a diesel
just because it's Wednesday today we
don't see a line of people like a few
kilometers away lining up to get some
coach because coach is a traditional
American brand and a lot of tourists who
come to the United States want to get
something from here and they do a lot of
outlet stores so you can get awesome
discounts the word coach itself is very
tricky because you can pronounce this
couch which means like a sofa and you
can also pronounce this coach it means
like a trainer somebody who trains you
so I'm not sure about the brand name I
guess it's coach so we're gonna find out
[Music]
I am so stupid I just realized that if
you want to say couch like a sofa in
American English you should spell it
with you it's cat which couch and this
brand name is coach and it's like a
carriage with a horse this it's even on
their brand there if they have this
picture this is coach I think this guy
has created the most popular budget bags
in the world budget purses they cost
around like a hundred to
luxury but they don't like super cheap
and everybody wants to have them this
guy is American so his name is Michael
Kors he's not Michel or whatever he's
Michael of course an RSVP yes the
Michael Kors and military branch guys
remember the date and the shoes that
saved me from cold cold Russian winter
I called hugs there hugs
this is where I'm a pro at a managing
gazania because I've learned to tallien
for almost a year and guess what I've
learned all of the brand names admitted
Jean de seeing yeah I think I pronounced
it even better than the guys weren't
there
[Music]
very such oh this is an Italian friend
very touchy Peter
they shot Versace massage ria this is
the first time I'm pronouncing that in
my life
I've encountered this name like hundreds
of times but I wasn't brave enough to
pronounce it the CV dream of kasnia I
say guys if you're thinking of starting
company and thinking of a name for it ah
this is not the best example
[Music]
American Furla Italian food la this is
another brand who know was afraid to
pronounce before I asked them so it's
L'Occitane just wanna make sure
L'Occitane we're in America Bugsy ten I
think in French would still be walk suit
on if you're French books comment down
below but in America Roxie tan if you
come to America you have to come here
these two shops are together Hollister
and Abercrombie & Fitch they have the
nicest perfume I just tested it oh my
gosh so cool and they had this stuff
disclosed so this is a must like when
you come to America
coach Abercrombie and Hollister very
American and some things they think they
don't sell it in Europe but I'm not sure
because they haven't left America for a
year already let me know if they saw
this in your country but definitely a
must in the States
just because you've watched this video
it doesn't mean you're gonna be
proficient and you're like oh I know
everything now because we're gonna tell
me what you have to do now is to come
here or to any english-speaking country
and practice what I do when I travel I
find an outlet close to the city where
I'm in and shop shop shop you can come
here for the whole day and start in the
morning and show up with the whole day
practicing your English for example if
you travel to San Francisco this would
be the closest outlet one of my favorite
outlets is close to New York because
they have Victoria's Secret outlet there
is a big one in Los Angeles and if you
want to travel to Europe I would highly
recommend London for example or UIC
school in London is really good and then
you can take a train to Oxford and the
outlet mall is called Vista village my
favourite ever I bought my Gucci scarf
for like $100 better so you can also
take a course at UIC Oxford for example
so my task to you is to book a trip come
to an english-speaking country practice
and shop till you drop and come back
home with new English and new clothes
thank you so much for watching this
video if you like this content please
click like subscribe to this channel and
if you haven't watched my previous video
on brands the link will be below see you
soon
bye guys
[Music]
you